Exemplar: NY1849-001610
Earliest: NY1848-001560
Documents in cluster: 37
Cluster ID: 6846

-----------------------------------------------

NY1848-001560

113. The summons shall be served by delivering a copy thereof, as follows:
1. If the suit be against a corporation, to the president, or other head of
the corporation, secretary, cashier, or managing agent thereof: 2. If against
a minor, under the age of fourteen years, to such minor personally, and also
to his father, mother, or guardian, or if there be none within the state,
then to any person having the care and control of such minor; or with whom he
shall reside, or in whose service he shall be employed. 3. If against a person
judicially declared to be of unsound mind, or incapable of conducting his own
affiTirs, in consequence of habitual drunkenness, and for whom a committee has
been appointed, to the committee; and to the defendant personally: 4.' In all
other eases, to the defendant personally.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1849-001610

134. The summons shall be served by delivering a copy thereof, as follows: 1.
If the suit be against a corporation, to the president or other head of the
corporation, secretary, cashier, or managing agent thereof; 2. If against a
minor under the age of fourteen years, to such minor personally, and also to his
father, mother, or guardian, or if there be none within the state, then to any
person having the care and control of such minor, or with whom he shall reside,
or in whose service he shall be employed; 3. If against a person judicially
declared to be of unsound mind, or incapable of conducting his own affairs
in consequence of habitual drunkenness, and for whom a committee has been
appointed, to such committee, and to the defendant personally; 4. In all other
cases to the defendant personally. ‘

-----------------------------------------------


NY1850-006880

628. The summons must be served by delivering a copy thereof, as follows: 1.
If the suit be against a corporation, to the president or other head of the
corporation, secretary, cashier, or managing agent thereof: 2. If against a
minor under the age of fourteen years, to such minor personally, and also to
his father, mother, or guardian, or if there be none within the state, then to
any person having the care and control of such minor, or with whom he resides
or in whose service he is employed: 3. If against a person judicially declared
to be of unsound mind, or incapable of conducting his own affairs in consequence
of habitual drunkenness, and for whom a committee has been appointed, to
such committee, and to the defendant personally: 4. In all other cases to the
defendant personally.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1850-000310

26. The summons shall be served by the Sheriff of the county where the defendant
may be found, and shall be served by delivering a copy thereof, together
with the copy of the complaint, as follows: 1st. If the suit be against a
corporation, to the president, or other head of the corporation, secretary,
cashier, or managing agent thereof. 2d. If against a minor, under the age
of fourteen years, to such minor personally, and also to his father, mother,
or guardian; or if there be none within the State, then to any person having
the care and control of such minor, or with whom he shall reside, or in whose
service he shall be employed. 3d. If against a person judicially declared to
be of unsound mind, or incapable of conducting his own ati‘airs, and for whom a
guardian has been appointed, to such guardian, and to the defendant personally.
' 4th. In all other cases to the defendant personally.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1851-001620

134. The summons shall be served by delivering a copy - thereqfas follows :
1. If the suit be against a corporation, to the president as other head of
the corporation, secretary, cashier, treasurer, a director or managing agent
thereof; but such service can be made in respect to a foreign corporation only,
when it has property within this State, or the cause of action arose therein.
2. If against a minor under the age of fourteen years, to such minor personally,
and also to his father, mother or guardian, or there be none within the State
then to any person having the care and control of such minor, or with whom he
shall reside, or in whose service he shall be employed. 3. If against a person
judicially declared to be qf unsound mind or incapable of conducting his own
afairs in consequence of habitual drunkenness, and for whom a committee has been
appointed, to such committee and to the defendant personally. 4. In all other
cases to the defendant personally.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1851-000330

29. The summons shall be served by delivering a copy thereof attached to the
certified copy of the complaint, as follows: lst. If the suit be against a
corporation, to the president or other head of the corporation, secretary,
cashier, or managing agent thereof: 2d. If against a minor under the age of
fourteen years, to such minor personally, and also to his father, mother, or
guardian; or if there be none within the State, then to any person having the
care and control of such minor, or with whom he resides, or in whose service
he is employed: 3d. If against a person judicially declared to be of unsound
mind, or incapable of conducting his own affairs, and for whom a guardian has
been appointed, to such guardian : 4th. In all other cases, to the defendant
personally.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1851-000500

49. The summons must be served by delivering a copy thereof, as follows:
Ml]; If the suit be against a corporation, to the pigesident, or other head e
corporation, secreta , or maiia ' a nt t ereof: 2. If against a minor iirlder
the agegh‘i'gf'ou‘i'eteen years, to such minor personall ., and also to his
father, mother, or $1111-dian, or if there be none wit ii this territory; then
to any person ' a ngthe care or control gg such minor, or with whom he resides,
or by whom he is em. If against a person for whom a guardian has been appointed
for my cause, to such guardian, and to the defendant personally: 4- In all other
cases to the defendant personally, or by of the summons at his usual last place
of abode.

-----------------------------------------------


NY1853-006730

621. The summons must be served by delivering a copy thereof, as follows: 1.
If the suit be against a corporation, to the president or other head of the
corporation, secretary, cashier, treasurer or director, "managing agent thereof;
but such service can be made in respect to a foreign corporation only when
it has property within this state or the cause of action arose therein. 9. If
against a minor under the age of fourteen years, to such minor personally, and
also to his father, mother, or guardian, or if there be none within the state,
then to any person having the -care and control of such minor, or with whom he
resides or in Whose service he is employed: 3. If against a person judicially
declared to be of unsound mind, or incapable of conducting his own affairs
in consequence of habitual drunkenness, and for whom a committee has been
appointed, to such committee, and to the defendant personally: 4. In all other
cases to the defendant personally.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1854-000470

29. The summons shall be served by delivering a copy thereof, together with
a copy of the complaint prepared by the plaintifff, his agent or attorney, as
follows: 1. If the action be against a corporation, to the president or other
head of the corporation, secretary, cashier, or managing agent thereof ; 2. If
against any county in this territory, to one of the board of commissioners of
such county, or to the clerk of the commissioners; 3. If against a minor under
the age of fourteen years, to such minor personally, and also to his father,
mother or guardian; or if there be none within this territory, then to any
person having the care or control of such minor, or with whom he resides, or
in whose service he is employed; 4. If against a person judicially declared
to be of unsound mind or incapable of conducting his own affairs, and for
whom a guaro1 dian has been appointed, to such guardian and to the defendant
personally. 5. In all other cases to the defendant personally, or if he be not
found, to some white person of the family, above the age of fourteen years, at
the dwelling house or usual place of abode of the defendant.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1855-000300

28. The summons shall be served by delivering a copy thereof, together with
a copy of the complaint, certified by the clerk as follows: lst. If the suit
be against a corporation, to the president or other head of the corporation,
secretary, cashier, or managing agent thereof ; 2d. If against any county in
this territory, to the county auditor ; 3d. If against a minor under the age
of fourteen years, to such minor personally, and also to his father, mother, or
guardian ; or if there be none within this territory, then to any person having
the care or control of such minor, or with whom he resides, or in whose service
he is employed ; 4th. If against a person for whom a guardian has been appointed
for any cause, 170 such guardian and to the defendant personally ; toil!!!-18
In.t;1l other cases to the defendant personally, orif he be not found, the dwe
11:1 :18 person of the family, above the age of fourteen years, at 8 misc or
usual place of abode of the defendant.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1856-000400

39. The summons shall be served by delivering a copy thereof as follows: 1.
If the suit be against a corporation to the president or other head of the
corporation, secretary, cashier, treas*. urer, director, or managing agent
thereof, but such service oan be made in resoect to a foreign corporation only
when it has property within this state, or the cause of action arose therein. 2.
If against a minor, under the age of fourteen yest,,s, to such minor personally,
and also to his father, another or guardian, or if there be none within the
state, thento any person having the care and control of such minor, or with
whom he shall reside, or in whose service he shalli be employed. 3. If against a
person judicially declared to be of un-, sound mind, or incapable of conducting
his own affairs in consequence of habitual drunkenness, and fir whom a com.
mittee has been appointed, to such committee, and to the defendant personally.
4. In all other cases to the defendant personally, or if not found, by leaving a
copy thereof at his usual place of abode, in presence of some one of the family
of suitable age and discretion who shall be informed of the contents thereof.

-----------------------------------------------


DC1857-001270

6. The summons shall be served by delivering a copy thereof, as follows: 1. If
the suit be against a corporation, to the president or head of the corporation,
secretary, cashier, or managing agent thereof. 2. If against a minor, to such
minor personally, and also to his father, mother, or guardian, or, if there
be none within this District, then to any person having the care and control
of such minor, or with whom he resides, or in whose service he is employed. 3.
If age.inst a person judicially declared to be of unsound mind, or incapable
of conducting his own affairs, and for whom a guardian or committee has been
appointed, then to such guardian or com­ mittee. 4. In all other cases to the
defendant personally.

-----------------------------------------------


DC1857-008100

13. The summons shall be served by delivering a copy thereof as follows: 1.
If the action be against a corporation, to the president or other head of the
eorporatian, secretary, cashier, or managing agent thereof. 2. If the action be
against an infant, to such infant, and also his father, mother, or guardian; or
if there be none within this District, then to any person having the control or
care of such infant, or with whom he resides, or in whose service he is. 3. If
against a person judicially declared of unsound mind, or incapable of conducting
his affairs, and for whom a committee has been appointed, to such committee, and
to the defendant personally. 4. In all other cases to the defendant personally,
or, if he be not found, to some white person of the family, above the age of
fourteen years, at the dwelling-house or usual place of abode of the defendant.
If, however, the defendant shall be absent from this District, eenice of the
summons shall not be made by leaving a copy thereof at hie dwelling-house or
usual place of abode.

-----------------------------------------------


WI1858-000460

9. The summons shall be served by delivering a copy thereof as follows : 1. If
the action be against a minor under the age of fourteen years, to such minor
personally, and also to his father, mother, or guardian, or if there be none
within the state, then to any person having the care and control of such minor,
or with whom he shall reside, or in whose service he shall be employed. 2. If
against o. person judicially declared to be of unsound mind, or incapable of
conducting his own affairs in consequence of habitual drunkenness, and for whom
a guardian or committee has been appointed, to such guardian or committee, and
to the defendant personally. 3. In all other cases, to the defendant personally,
or if not found, by leaving a copy thereof at his usual place of abode, in
presence of some one of the family of suitable age and discretion, who shall be
informed of the contents thereof.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1858-000330

29. The summons shall be served by delivering a copy thereof, as follows : .
1st. If the suit be against a corporation, to the president or other head of
the corporation, secretary, cashier, or managing agent thereof. 2d. If against
a minor under the age of fourteen years, to such minor personally, and also to
his father, mother, or guardian; or if there be none within the state, then to
any person having the care or control of such minor, or with whom he resides, or
in whose service he is employed. 3d. If against a person judicially declared to
be of unsound mind, or incapable of conducting his own affairs, and for whom a
guardian has been appointed, to such guardian. 4th. In all other cases, to the
defendant personally.

-----------------------------------------------


MN1859-000540

53. The summons must be served by delivering a copy thereof, as follows: 1.
If the suit be against a corporation, to the president, or other head of the
corporation, secretary, or managing agent thereof; ' 2. If against a minor under
the age of fourteen years, to such minor personally, and also to his father,
mother, or guardian, or if there be none within this territory, then to any
person having the care or control of such minor, or with whom he resides, or
by whom he is emlo ed; _ P If against a person for whom a guardian has been
appointed for any cause, to such guardian, and to the defendant personally;
4. In all other cases to the defendant personally, or by leaving a copy of the
summons at his usual last place of abode.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1859-000790

72. The summons shall be served by delivering a copy thereof, together with a
copy of the complaint as follows: 1. If the action be against a corporation, to
the president or other head of the corporation, secretary, cashier, or managing
agent thereof. 2. If against a minor under the age of fourteen years, to such
minor personally, and also to his father, mother, or guardian, or if there
be none within this territory, then to any person having the care or control
of such minor, or with whom he resides, or in whose service he is employed.
3. If against a person judicially declared to be of unsound mind or incapable
of conducting his own affairs, and for whom a guardian has been appointed, to
such guardian and to the defendant personally. 4. In all other cases, to the
defendant personally, or, if he be not found, to some white person of the family
above the age of fourteen years, at the dwelling house or usual place of abode
of the defendant.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1859-004950

442. The summons shall be served at least five days before the time of
appearance therein mentioned, but delivering a copy thereof, together with a
copy of the complaint, as follows: 1. If the action be against a corporation, to
the president or other head of the corporation, secretary, cashier, or managing
agent thereof. 2. If against a person judicially declared of an unsound mind,
or incapable of conducting his own affairs and for whom a guardian has been
appointed, to such guardian, and to the defendant personally. 3. In all other
cases, to the defendant personally or if he be not found, to some white person
of the family above the age of fourteen years, at the dwelling house or usual
place of abode of defendant.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1861-000310

29. The summons shall be served by delivering a ' copy thereof, as follows:
First. If the suit be against a corporation, to the president or other head
of the corporation, secretary, cashier, or managing agent thereof. Second. If
against a minor, under the age of fourteen years, to such minor personally,
and also to his father, mother, or guardian; or, if there be none within the
territory, then to any person having the care or control of such minor, or with
whom he resides, or in whose service he is em loyed. Third. If against a person
judicially declared to be ogunsound mind, or incapable of conducting his own
affairs, and for whom a guardian has been appointed, to such guardian. Fourth.
In all other cases, to the defendant rsonally.

-----------------------------------------------


OR1862-000580

54. The summons shall be served by delivering a copy thereof, together with a
copy of the complaint prepared and certified by the plaintifff, his agent or
attorney, as follows: 1. If the action be against a private corporation, to the
president or ‘other head of the corporation, secretary, cashier, or managing
agent thereof; ‘ 2. If against any county, incorporated town, school district,
or other public corporation in this state, to the clerk of such county,
incorporated town, school district, or other public corporation; A 3. If against
a minor under the age of fourteen years, to such minor personally, and also to
his father, mother or guardian; or if there be none within this state, then to
any person having the care or control of such minor, or with whom he resides, or
in whose service he is employed; -1. If against a person judicially declared to
be of unsound mind, or incapable of conducting his own affairs, and for whom a
guardian has been appointed, to such guardian and to the defendant personally.
5. ' In all other cases to the defendant personally, or if he be not found,
to some white person of the family, above the age of fourteen years, at the.
dwelling house or uiual place of abode of the defendant.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1864-000330

29. The summons shall be served by delivering a copy thereof, as follows: First.
If the suit be against a corporation, to the president or other head of the
corporation, secretary, cashier, or managin agent thereof. Second. If against
a minor, under the age 0 fourteen years, to such minor personally, and also to
his father, mother, or guardian; or if there be none within the territory, then
to any person having the care or control of such minor, or with whom he resides,
or in whose service he is employed. Third. If against a person judicially
declaredto be of unsound mind, or incapable of conducting his own affairs, and
for whom a guardian has been appointed, to such guardian. Fourth. In all other
cases, to the defendant personal] ; or if he be not found, to some white person
of the family, a ove the a e of fourteen years, at the dwelling house or usual
place of aiode of the defendant, and explaining to such person the contents of
such summons.

-----------------------------------------------


AZ1865-000300

29. The summons shall be served by delivering a copy thereof ' attached to the
copy of the complaint, as follows : lst. If the suit be against a corporation,
to, the president or other head of the corporation, secretary, cashier, or
managing agent thereof, or to any lawful agent appointed for that purpose, or
any director or stockholder. 2d. If against a minor under the age of fourteen
years, to such minor personally, and also to his father, mother, or guardian ;
or if there be none within the Territory, then to any person having the care
and control of such mingr, or with whom he resides, or in whose service he is
employed. 3 . If against a person judicially declared to be of unsound mind,
or incapable of conducting his own affairs, and for whom a guardian has been .
appointed, to such guardian. ‘ 4th. In all other cases, to the defendant
personally.

-----------------------------------------------


MT1865-000310

29. The summons shall be served as follows: First, if the suit be against
a corporation, by reading the same to the president, or other head of the
corporation, secretary, cashier, or managing agent thereof, or by leaving a copy
of the same at the office, or other place of business of said corporation, in a
conspicuous place: Second, if against a minor under the age of fourteen years,
by reading the same to the father, mother, or guardian of the defendant; or,
if there be none in the Territory, then to any person having the care, control
or custody of such minor, or with whom he resides, or in whose service he is
employed; or by leaving a copy thereof at the residence of such father, mother,
guardian, or person having the care, control, or custody of r such minor;
or (of) the person by whom he is employed; or at whose residence such minor
resides: Third, if against a person judicially declared to be of unsound mind,
or incapable of conducting his own affairs, and for whom a guardian has been
appointed, by reading the same to such guardian, or by leaving a copy thereof at
the dwelling-house, or usual place of abode of such guardian, with some person
residing there, or posting the same in a conspicuous place: Fourth, in all other
cases, by reading the same to the defendent, personally, or by leaving a copy
thereof at the dwelling-house, or usual place of abode of such defendent, with
some person residing there, or by posting the same in a conspicuous place.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1868-001080

86. The summons shall be served by delivering a copy thereof as follows: .
1. If the suit ‘be against in corporation, to the president or other head of
the corporation, secretary, cashier, treasurer, a director, or managing agent
thereof; but such service can be made in respect to a foreign corporation
only when it has property within this Territory, or the cause of action arose
therein, or where such service shall be ‘made within this Territory personally
upon the president, treasurer or secretary thereof; 2. If against a minor under
the age of fourteen years, tosuch minor personally, and also to his father,
mother, or guardian; or if there be none within the Territory, then to any
person having the care and control of such minor, or with whom he shall reside,
or in whose service he shall be employed; 3. If against a person judicially
declared to be of unsound mind, or incapable of conducting his own a&'airs
in consequence of habitual drunkenness, and for whom a committee has been
appointed, to such committee and to the defendant personally; 4. In all other
cases, to the defendant personally.

-----------------------------------------------


NC1868-000960

82. The summons shall be served by delivering a copy thereof as follows: .
r . 1.‘ If a suit be against a corporation, to the President, or other head of
the corporation, secretary, cashier, treasurer, a director or managing agent
thereof; but such service can be made in respect to a foreign corporation, only
when it has property within the State, or the cause of action arose therein,or
where the plaintifff resides in the State, or where such service can be made
within this State personally upon the President, Treasurer or Secretary thereof;
2. If against a minor under the age of fourteen years to such minor personally,
and also his father, mother or guardian, or if there be none within the State,
then to any person having the care and control of such minof, or with whom he
shall reside, or in whose service he shall be employed; 3. If against a person
judicially declared to be of unsound mind, or incapable of conducting. his
own affairs in consequenCe of habitual drunkenness and for whom a committee or
guardian has been‘fappointed, to such committee and to the defendant personally;
i ' 4. In all other'cases, to the defendant personally.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1868-000330

29. The summons shall be served by delivering a copy thereof, ai- follows :
First. If the suit be against a corporation, to the presi­ dent, or other head
of the corporation, secretary, cashier, or managing agent, thereof. Second.
If the suit be against a foreign corporation, or a uon-resideut joint stock
company, or association, doing busi­ ness within this State, to an agent,
cushier, or secretary, thereof. Third. If against a minor under the age of
fourteen years, to such minor personally, and also to his father, mother,
guardian ; or if there be none within the State, then to any person haying the
care, or coutro1, of such minor, or with whom he resides, or in whose service
be is employed. Fourth. If against a person judicially declared to be of unsound
mind, or incapable of conducting bis own atlairs, and for whom a guardian bas
been appointed, to such guard­ ian. Fifth. In all other cases, to the defendant
personally.

-----------------------------------------------


NV1869-000330

29. The summons shall be served by delivering a copy thereof, attached to the
certified copy of the complaint, as follows: First-e If the suit be against a
domestic corporation, organized under 1116 laws of this State, to the President
or other head of the corporatitilt. Secretary, Cashier, or managing Agent
thereof. Second—If the 603' be against a foreign corporation or a non-resident
joint stock comma“! or association, doing business within this State, to an
Agent, Cashiers or Secretary, President or other head thereof; provided, that
if the suit be against a corporation organized under the laws of the State
of California, in addition to such personal service, a capy of the summons,
attached to a certified copy of the complaint, shall be deposited in the Post
Office, addressed to the President and Trustees of said corporation, at their
place of business in the State of California, if the same is kn n, or can by
due diligence be ascertained ; and, provided further, tha when such California
corporation has no President or other head, Secretary, Cashier or managing
Agent, upon whom service of summons can be had, the Court before which such
action has been brought, or the Judge thereof, may, upon the affidavit of the
plaintifff, showing the 'existence of the foregoing facts, make an order for
the service on the defendant of a copy of the summons and complaint in the
action. Such service my be made by some competent person ' appointed bythe
Court or the Judge thereof, or by the Sheriff of the county, within the State
of California, within which the principal place of business of such corporation
may be located. Such service may be made personally, within said State of
California, by said Sheriff ‘ or other person appointed by th .‘Court or Judge,
and shall be made in the same manner as required by law for the personal service
of summons within this State. The service shall be upon the President or other
head, Secretary, Cashier or managing Agent of such corporation, and when proved
to the satisfaction of the Court, by the sworn return of said Sheriff or other
person so appointed, shall be for all purposes as valid and effectual as if made
by a competent officer within this State; and in case such corporation shall
not appear in the action within forty days after such service, its default and
judgment thereon may be entered as in other cases. Third—If against a minor
under the age, of fourteen years, to such minor personally, and also to his
father, mother or guardian; or, if there be none within the'State, then. to any
person having the care and control of such minor, or with whom he resides, or'in
whosd service he is employed. Fourth—If against a person judicially declared to
be of unsound mind, or incapable of conducting his own affairs, and for whom a
guardian has been appointed, to such guardian. Fifth—In all other cases, to the
defend antpersonally.

-----------------------------------------------


FL1870-001000

85. The summons shall be served by delivering a copy thereof as follows :
1. If the suit be against a corporation, to the president or other head of
the corporation, secretary, cashier, treasurer, a director or managing agent
thereof; but such service can be made in respect to a foreign corporation only
when it has property within this State, or the cause of action arose therein,
or where such service shall be made within this State personally upon the
president, treasurer, or secretary thereof. 2. If against a minor under the age
of fourteen years, to such minor personally, and also to his father, mother, or
guardian; or if there be none within the State, then to any erson havin the care
and control of such minor, or with whom e shall resi e, or in whose service he
shall be employed. 3. If against a person judicially declared to be of unsotmd
mind, and for whom a committee has been appointed, to such committee and to the
defendant personally. 4. In all other cases, to the defendant personally.

-----------------------------------------------


SC1870-000780

157. The summons shall be served by delivering a copy thereof as follows: 1.
If the suit be against a cor oration, to the president or other head of the
corporation, secretary, cas ier, treasurer, a director, or managing agent
thereof; but such service can be made in respect to a foreign corporation only
when it has property within this State, or the cause of action arose therein,
or where such service shall be made within this State personally u on the
president, cashier, treasurer, or secretary thereof. 2. f against a minor under
the age of fourteen years, to such minor personally, and also to his father,
mother or guardian; or, if there be none within the State, then to any person
having the care and control of such minor, or with whom he shall reside, or in
whose service he shall be employed. 3. If against a person judicially declared
to be of unsound mind, or incapable of conducting his own affairs in consequence
of habitual ' drunkenness, and for whom a committee or guardian has been
appointed, to such committee or guardian and to the defendant personally. 4. In
all other cases, to the defendant personally.

-----------------------------------------------


UT1870-000310

29. The summons shall be served by delivering a copy thereof attatched to the
certified COpy of the complaint, asfollows: First—If the suit be against any
incorporated city, service shall be made on the MayOr and Recorder: Second—
If the suit be against any,County, service shall be made on the Probate Judge
and Clerk of the County Court: Third—If the suit be against a school district,
service shall be made on the Trustees: Fourth—If the suit be against any
irrigating company, service shall be made on the superintendent or water master:
Fifth—If the suit be against any other corporate bod , incorporated .-under the
laws of the Territory, service shall made on the President or chief officer, and
on its Secretary or Clerk, if it has such secreta or clerk. Where the defendant
is a foreign corporation an has an acknowledgedagent, in this Territory, service
may be made on such agent, or if no such agent is found, on any person in its
emp oy, or who has any of its property in charge: Sixth—If against a minor under
the age of fourteen years, on such minor personally, and also on his father,
mother or guardian, or if such minor has no such father, mother or guardian in
the Territory, then on any person having the care and control of such , minor,
or with whom he resides, or in whose service he is employed: Seventh—If against
aperson judicially declared to be ‘of unsound mind, or incapable of conducting
his own affairs, and for whom a uardian has been a pointed, on such guardian:
Eighth— all other cases on t e defendant personally, ' or b leaving a certified
copy thereof at his usual place of abo e with some suitable person of, at least,
the age of four~ teen ears.

-----------------------------------------------


CA1872-003190

411. The summons must be served by delivering a copy thereof, as follows: 1.
If the suit is against a corporation: to the President, or other head of the
corporation, Secretary, Cashier, or managing agent thereof ; 2. If the suit
is against a foreign corporation, or a non-resident joint stock company or
association doing business and having a managing or business agent, Cashier, or
Secretary Within this State: to such agent, Cashier, or Secretary; 3. If against
a minor under the age of fourteen years: to such minor personally, and also to
his father, mother, or guardian; or if there be none within the State, then to
any person having the care or control of such minor, or with Whom he resides,
or in Whose service he is employed; 4. If against a person judicially declared
to be of unsound mind or incapable of conducting his own affairs, and for whom a
guardian has been appointed: to such guardian; 5. If against a county, city, or
town: to the President of the Board of Supervisors, President of the Council or
Trustees, or other head of the legislative department thereof; 6. In all other
cases: to the defendant personally.

-----------------------------------------------


WA1873-000440

43. The notice shall be served by delivering a eopy thereof, together with a:
cert ifled l'Opy of tho complaint as fol­ lows: 1. If the snit be against a
corporution, to the presidcut or other head of the corporation, Sl'('rPtm·y
i cushier or managing agcnt thereof. :!. If against any county in this Tcr i-
itorv, to tlu- .r-ouuty auditor. :L If against a minor under the age of fourteen
vr-ar», to such minor pcrsonallv, and also to his fathf'r, mother.' or guar­
dian: 01· if there he none within this TPJTitory. tlu-n to any per­ son having
the care or control of such minor, or with whom he l'P:-:i<1Ps or in whose
service he is employed. 4. If n~:rainst a person for whom a guardian has been
ap­ pointed for anv cause, to such guardian and to the defendant persona Ilv,
fi. In a 11 other cases. to the def erulunt pr-rxonn llv, or if he be not found,
to some suitable person at the dwelling house or usual place of business of the
defendant.

-----------------------------------------------


ND1877-001130

102. 'The summons shall be served by deliver ing a copy thereof as follows:
1. If the action be against a corporation, to the president or other head of
the corporation, secretary, cashier, treasurer, a director, or managing agent
thereof; but such service can be made in respect to a foreign corpora tion only
when it has property in this territory, or the cause of action arose therein,
or when such service shall be made within this territory personally upon the
president, treasurer, secretary, or duly authorized agent thereof. % 2. If
against a minor under the age of fourteen years, to such minor personally,
and also to his father, mother or guardian; or if there be none within the
territory, then to any person having the care and control of such minor, or with
whom he shall reside, or in whose service he shall be employed. 3. If against
a person judicially declared to be of unsound mind, or incapable of conducting
his own affairs in consequence of habitual drunkenness, and for whom a guardian
has been appointed, to such guardian/ and to the defendant personally. . ——"'
4. In all other cases, to the defendant personally ; and if the defendant cannot
conveniently be found, by leaving a copy thereof at his dwelling house, in the
presence of one or more of the members of his family over the age of fourteen
years; or, if the defendant reside in the family of an other, with one of
the members of the family in which he resides over the age of fourteen years.
Service made in any of the modes provided in this section shall be** taken and
held to be personal service.

-----------------------------------------------


CO1877-000390

37. A summons shall be served, except as otherwise‘ provided by law, as follows:
By delivering: a copy thereof to the defendant, or by leaving a copy of the writ
at the usual place of abode of the defendant, with some member of his family,
over the age of fifteen years; when there are several defendants, residents
of the same county, by delivering to each defendant a copy of the writ, and
to such as may be subsequently summoned a copy of the writ, or by leaving such
copy at the usual place of abode of the defendant with some member of his family
over the age of fifteen years. If the suit be brought against a corporation,
service shall be made by delivering a copy of the summons to the president,
or other head of the corporation, or to the secretary, cashier, treasurer or
general agent -thereof; but if no such officer of the corporation can be found
in the county, service may be had on any stockholder of such corporation. If
the suit be against a foreign corporation, or a non—resident joint stock company
or association, doing business within this State, service shall be made by
delivering a copy of the writ to an agent, cashier or secretary thereof; in the
absence of such agent, cashier, treasurer or secretary, to any stockholder. If
the suit be against a minor under the age-of fourteen years, service shall be
made by delivering a copy of the writ to such minor, personally, and also to
his or her father, mother or guardian, or if there be none in the State’, then
to any person having the care or control of such minor, or with whom he or she
resides, or in whose service he or she is employed. If the suit be against a
person judicially declared to be of , unsound mind, or incapable of conducting
his or her own affairs, and for whom a guardian has been appointed, service
shall be had by delivering a copy of the writ to such guardian.

-----------------------------------------------


ID1881-002360

220. The summons must be served by deliver-€ ing a copy thereof, as follows:
I . 1. It the suit is against a corporation formed under the laws of this
Territory to the president or other head of the corporation, secretary, cashier,
or managing agent thereof; 2. If the suit is against a foreign corporation,
or a non-resident °oint stock company or association, doing business and avin
amanaoing or business agent, cashier or secretary within this Territoryto such
agent, cashier, or secretary; 3. If against a minor, under the age of fourteen
years, residing within this Territory; to such minor, personally, and also to
his father, mother, or guardian; or if there be none within this Territory, then
to any person having the care or control of such minor, or with whom he resides,
or in whose service he is employed; 4. If against a person residing within this
Territor who has been judicially declared to be of unsound min , or incapable of
conducting his own affairs, and for whom a guardian has been appointed: to such
person and also to his guardian; 5. If against a county, city, or town: to the
chairman of the Board of Commissioners, resident of the Council, or Trustees, or
other head of t e legislative department thereof; 6. In all other cases to the
defendant personally.

-----------------------------------------------


DT1887-001350

4898. The summons shall be served by delivering a copy . thereof, as follows: 1.
If the action be against a private corporation, to the president or other head
of the corporation, secretary, cashier, treasurer, a directorjor managing agent
thereof; but such serv­ ice can be made in respect to a foreign corporation only
when it has property in this territory, or the cause of action arose therein,
or when such service shall be made within this territory personally upon the
president, treasurer, secretary, or duly authorized agent thereof. , , 2. In an
action against a railroacl corporation, in addition to the service provided in
subdivision 1 of this section, to any acting ticket, station, or freight agent
of such railroad compan_y. in the county or subdivision where the action or
proceeding is commenced. 3. If the action be against a public corporation within
this territory, to the mayor Dr any of the aldermen of any city, to - any of
the commissioners of a county, .to the ,preside11t 01-- any of the trustees of
any incorporated town, to any of the supervisors of an organizecl township, to
any of the members of a school dis­ trict board. · 4. If against a minor under
the age of f ourteen years, tp. such minor, personally, and also to his father,
mother, or guard­ ian; or if there be 110118 within the territory, then to any
person having the care and control of such minor, or with whom he shall reside,
or in whose service he shall be employed. , 5. If against a person judicially
cleclared to be of unsound. mind, or incapable of conducting his own affairs i11
consequence of habitual drunkenness, and for whom a guardian has been appointed,
to such gurdian and to the defendant personally. 6. 111 all other cases to the
defendant personally; and if the defendant cannot conveniently be found, by
leaving a CO})Y thereof at his d welling house i11. the presence of 011.e or
more of tho members of his f amily, over the age of f o urteen years; or if
the defendant resicle i11 the family of another, with 011.e of the members of
the family in which he resicles, over the age of fourteen years. Service made
in any of the modesprovided i11 tl1i::; section shall be taken and held to be
personal service; and all writs, process, or orders issued by any of the courts
of. this territor .. y, or by the judges thereof i11 a11 action or proceeding,
shall be served i11 the manner, and upon the persons or officers men­ tioned i11
this section, and none other, except in cases where ser .. vice of papers can
be made upon an attorney after· appear­ ance, as provided by the code of civil
procedure.

-----------------------------------------------


AK1900-000510

46. The summons shall be served by delivering a co y thereof, together with
a copy of the complaint re ared and certi ed by the plaintifff, his agent,
or attorney, or by t e c erk of the court as follows: First. If the action
be against a private corporation, to the president or other head of the
corporation, secretary, cashier, or managing agent, or, in case none of the
officers of the corporation above named shall reside or have an office in the
district, then to any clerk or agent of such corporation who may reside or be
found in the district, or if no such officer be found, then by leaving a copy
thereof at the residence or usual place of abode of such clerk or agent; Second.
If against angr incorporated town, school district, or other public corporation
in t e district, to the clerk of such incorporated town, school district, or
other public corporation; Third. If against a minor under the age of fourteen
years, to such minor personally, and also to his father, mother, or guardian,
or if there be none Within the district, then to any erson having the care or
control of such minor, or with whom he resi es, or in whose service he is em
10 ed; Fourt . against a person judicially declared to be of unsound mind, or
incapable of conducting his own affairs, and if a guardian has been a pointed,
to such guardian and to the defendant personally; Fift . In all cases, to the
defendant personally, or_ if he be not found, to some erson of the family above
the a e of fourteen years at the dwellin ouse or usual place of abode of t e
defendant.

-----------------------------------------------


